A "supported-releases" page to give a support timeline (#452)
cert-manager/website: content/en/docs/contributing/release-process.md

type: "docs"
---

This document aims to outline the process that should be followed for

> cutting a new release of cert-manager. If you would like to know more about
> the release status and timeline, take a look at the [Supported
> Releases](/docs/installation/supported-releases/) page.

Reviewer: suggestion: wording

```suggestion
cutting a new release of cert-manager. If you would like to know more about
current releases and the timeline for future releases, take a look at the [Supported
Releases](/docs/installation/supported-releases/) page.
```

Author: Done in b15cbf7, thanks!

https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager/releases/tag/v1.0.0 🎉
      {{% /pageinfo %}}

> ## Process for creating a final release

Author: Done in d806947

For example see the PR [Configure website for the `v1.0` release](https://github.com/cert-manager/website/pull/309).

> ## Process for creating a patch release

Author: Done in e04ca8e for the sake of consistency 😅

But I Find It Hard to Parse Title Cased Section Headers
